I let that liquor drown my days now I'm
taking my last ride I paid the highest price you can
pay I'm on my way to Potter's
field a first grave is where I'll be
to rest until the end of time for
[Music] all welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
wday night bible studies and you are at the final
episode of The Fifth Season tonight I want to bring to you something special
to Mark the occasion I want you to have the prophecy I'm going to bring you
something from the depths bring you something from Antiquity spoken by the
mouth of the Cil herself tonight we're going to look into
the face of the Akida on lady [Music]
Babylon [Music]
[Music]
in order to begin with the foundation and root of everything
Pagan that which those who worship the gods worship I want to bring you DK tonight I
want to bring you you justice and I want to say she is the last she is the last
of the divinities to aband in Mortal Society if you drive her out you do so
to your own Peril now this is a very very Pagan thing that angered the pagans
because the Christians and the Jews did not respect the Gods
they were not devotees of dekay if you are unwilling to offer
yourself to Justice you do not belong as
a part of civilized society say the Romans you must honor
Justice perfect for our circumstances the time shall we play a little video
something that brings the future and the past together into one coherent message
Che we hit it it's really about realizing that uh
walking in humility uh surrendering everything to my heavenly father who ultimately is uh the one who uh directs
uh what I do hopefully each and every day uh and and then lastly I think the
the big part of that is is realizing that the credit for any victories are not mine uh they belong to uh uh to the
guy that I serve [Music]
[Music]
is [Music]
every word out of your mouth is accounted for every word let us see
Nemesis brought to the four of our discussion tonight let us see
Nemesis why it is that she is so important when you strip back all the
gods when you strip back all the hopes and joys and all the trappings of
civilization when you strip all that away you're still left with a foundation and
that Foundation is Nemesis we honor Nemesis in that there's
a little bit of Greek in that video untranslated yes and that little bit of
Greek said that the one who bends the knee to Nemesis the one who acknowledges
Nemesis is the wise one yeah what is nemesis is doing and
why is she so important I want to bring you this Oracle And as we're doing so
we're doing so against the background of Nemesis Nemesis was worshiped as one of
those foundational deities one of those forces that you
cannot come through this life without having encountered whether you want to
declare yourself a monotheist and say there are are no Gods there is no justice there is no
retribution there is only Allah there is only
Jehovah Yahoo and his son who was arrested in a
public park with a naked kid those of us who look back to the
pagan origins of civilization as you and I sitting here
here today in the 21st century know it we must reconsider for one moment
Nemesis for without her we have no justice and when Justice leaves that's
it that's it we're all done let's go to the uh before we bring up the
clip chewy let's go up to the First Source I want people to have this
fresh um I I did it again I did it again can we go to the comments pardon me I
was I worked it up there and I got you all going now look we got to take a break look at some comments I want to
get two comments these are important I want people to see these what kind of comments are people giving here blow
that up Che I'll read it to you yep exactly good thank you Matt hey Dr alen
could you give me a hand here I'm trying to find where the meaning of AWA means
shout of Bas I'll show you Matt I brought that along with me tonight
coincident and I got it here to show you are you I love this these are love this
give me another comment give me another comment this is from oh yeah Louie this
is from Louie amazing content as usual do theology researchers or people in
educated Christian Community ever engage with your content in a substantive way
substantive way yeah I can never get them to actually examine and discuss the
relevant Source material or concepts with any intellectual
hesy well Louie uh you're not going
to intellectual honesty can you believe the gumption of Louie my
God intellectual honesty Louie I sent a letter I sent a
letter to 36 40 something uh professors of Bible professors of
theology professors at seminaries universities all sorts of
departments I sent them a letter to ask about the boy I introduced myself
I talked about the Greek my background um as a
classicist none of them Louie I got one response back it was from a female
Professor female Professor yeah otherwise and it she said
sounds interesting that's it otherwise no you're not going to get people to engage with this material you can throw
this material in front of them look look at the drug users look everybody likes
watching drug users who are having sex and orgies come on right this
is time for a show yeah but you know these peep shows
nobody wants to see the peep shows from Antiquity I got good peep shows for you I got I got peep shows with drug users
that are using drugs that flip you out we're about to look at we're about to look at the queen of these
what I'm going to bring you today is a woman I'm going to bring you today a woman who has been described as the
Virgin Viper oh what yes yes she is um heavily
heavily heavily under the influence of drugs she's a dancer uhhuh and she has
this poison that comes out of her mouth mouth she has this poison that comes out
of her mouth and this poison will so rock your world you will go nuts turn
into a Seder start screaming like you're in on fire oh my god really yes really
really cyan does it surprise you that she's a cyan it shouldn't it
shouldn't oh bless those cian women
fantastic if it weren't for them Grace wouldn't have half their history it's
amazing it's amazing okay let's get to the next let's get to that
text make we cover it all boom boom yeah hit that one hit that first one there we
go um blow me up bring up the scanners yep got it excellent oh
myos I sing of the face of Justice
shining in glory and she sits upon the
throne of God wox it's Myan keep it it's Myan right
old old wox Lord except not Lord
King she's the one who sits there where I one they keep reading urano from from
uranos from out of uranos she looks at the
life of all Mortals she watches next
text who is this omad G who is this face of Justice she is the splendid shining
one she is the coming dwn on let's look
at the next jwy bring us to the next one um here we go uh look just look at the
Greek here I'm just look I'm throwing sources at you right where are your sources they're
here dummy somebody that's for you for the
person who wrote and said I love I just watch to hear you laugh I love that I love that I just laughed to imagine you
watching yes I do I do I love it um here we go look at
this enthusiasm there is no
enthusiasm there is no religious awe without the erotic
inspiration this is a principle you cannot enter the cave without if you
want into this Cave of an initiation you have to have it tattooed on your skin so
you'll remember it it's a cyan thing it's lovely um don't tell me the cyan
didn't have any written never mind um if we have the if we have
the tattoo that gives us the power what kind
of draw are we having now bring bring up the source again bring up the
source this ecstasy this do you see at the bottom
enthusiasm this
enthusiasm cannot come about without erotic
inspiration when you are in a mystery cult you are in a sex
cult let me repeat that by the power of the Holy mysteries of Christ when you are in
a mystery you're in a sex cult and that's why Jesus is arrested in a public
park at 4:00 A.M with a naked kid okay you can see why
theologians would never be able to engage with this material do you think
they've read these These are perfect fragments I've giving I'm I've been giving you a symboled by Otto
Kar really you think they're going to have access to this no those dumble
heads oh my god I've been in the best seminaries in this country and I can
tell you for a fact the current state of scholarship in
Greek leaves much to be desired oh get it out get it out for the
end of the season come here come here yeah you like it you like
it say Harvard say Harvard say Harvard or I'm putting that back in say
Harvard okay love it fantastic let's keep going
next Source next Source I'll try not to Chey saying don't yell brother okay open
that up open that up so the old man can see it this is fantastic FC check this out people I'm about to give you an
oracle look at it in the mirror I'm look at it about halfway down this is the
Oracle of the cble when bakus AAS when bakus
cries he is stung by the madness and at that time Blood Fire and Ash are
mingled get it off there
Prophecy from thce this is our uh we'll just call it
Ukrainian prophecy yeah Blood
Fire Ash mingled fantastic now for those of you
who care that was lifted directly from a thran incription
gorgeousness and gorgios all wrapped up together all wrapped up together would
you be surprised to find out the oracles knew everything oh my goodness that sounds
lunatic let's go to the next
Source uh by the way there was a fantastic find um take it down second
chewy there was a fantastic find this week or the week before for had to do with the manuscripts and writing and a
star map some kind of celestial star map that was written by a
dude who knew trigonometry yeah
fantastic long time ago Greeks turns out Indo
European nope palasan turns out the Greek is
dominant fantastic through the palasia let's go back to the text um here we are
blow me up check this out people um it's all coming together right this is the finale
so I bring everything together just here we go um in the pure things come from
the pure the Kingdom from
humans oh brilliant famous
ubulus glorious child of Zeus I among
Mortals possess the celebrated gift of
memory now with that on your brain with that on your brain let's go quickly to
the to the uh next text and introduce you this is this is uh going to
introduce you to the vision of that power that we're all trying to get into
the cave to partake in to participate in to view to behold to absorb that's what
we're doing that's the power before we do so I want you to see I want to purify
you this Kingdom from men I want to purify you so that you may enter into it
let us consider
Nemesis I surprised chewy look at that [Music]
ah
[Music]
out as a pagan and reach out and feel feel the temperature of Nemesis
I want you to consider who Nemesis is hit us with the next text jie um I want you to see this
is just an English translation of a bit of nness but I wanted you to see a quick
picture of her she who has the viperous feet who is spitting poison thear yeah
okay okay round her neck flowered 50 various heads of wild beasts some roared
with Lion's heads like the Grim face of the riddling Sphinx others were spluttering you like that word I didn't
even know that was a word spluttering I'll show you the word that is in Greek but okay spluttering sure I think I get
it from the mouth yeah spluttering there we go spluttering
foam from the tusks of wild boes foam I want you to think about that foam
remember we're looking at her we're looking at scua we are looking at a
kidna and she has the foam on her mouth like the other members of her Temple
household Cerberus is one of them Cerberus is one do you feel where we are
you know when you get to a place that's foreign and the person that's there is a
three-headed dog with poison froth on his mouth you
know where you are you know where you've come to that's fantastic let's keep
going um double shaped and I'm going to show you this in Greek double shaped she appeared a woman in the middle of her
body with clusters of poison spitting serpents for hair for hair look keep
going down the claws of her wide scattered hands were curved like cralon
sickle from her neck over her terrible shoulders with tall uh with tail raised
high above her throat a scorpion with an icy sting sharp wetted crawled and
coiled upon itself yes okay so you can see right
away this is a bad bad person I mean and when I say bad I mean
right nice tats nice tats and drugs nice I have to
admit this style-wise this is going Way Beyond and I understand why people are
scared you know what I mean it's not like you meet her in a club you know not
even some kind of metal club right cuz she has the poison
dripping out of her mouth you yes can you imagine the wonderful State she is in that wonderful ecstasy because what
is our principle that we just taught our principle now
tattooed on our skin is that the erotic is the
center of the Ecstasy yes the erotic is the center of the Ecstasy a person who does sleep
study sent me sleep stud uh sent me an fmri study two Studies by the
NIH NIH grants and these uh studies were done on the
orgasm people um what does your brain look like it turns out that while you
are while the human entity is
undergoing orgasm um as a sexual
act that brain becomes more wired than
it ever is more centers of the brain light
up they're just studying it now they're just starting to they're just starting why did it take us so long how many
hundreds of thousands years did it take human beings to come to the point that they would study their own
orgasm they seem to know a lot about in Antiquity they seem to know that you
could take your brain to places under the influence of drugs sexual
stimulation yeah yeah welcome to the mystery there
is no filling of the spirit without AOS without erotic
desire yes you ask me why was Jesus arrested in the public park with the the naked boy
please next uh let's go to the next Source this is gorgeous I want to just give you a couple of things I'm trying
to keep it within decent time limits tonight check this out you guys are G to love this look at that um with
respect you know um a thousand thousands just big number
it doesn't necessarily mean a thousand but an an incredible number right of
crawling vipers came from her
feet SP spitting out this Eon EOS everybody here knows what
the EOS is uhhuh spitting out this EOS that creates that shadow shadow casting
EOS that's what they're doing next text next text jul let's go we're going to go quick through these we got evade tonight
the Imperial H haa here we go Allah yeah um
but what comes from her mouth what comes from her mouth that
foam um some authors call that foam aconite so I want you to imagine a
priestess a feared Priestess who's a cyan and remember those people the women
have a rule that they don't get to pick their husband and breeder until they kill three men in
combat so this Priestess from these
people is the one who is described as having these eaic properties these
Viperine properties um she's called the lry from
the mouth does everybody know with the lampy chewy radar us some lamper thank
you very much oh my goodness look at some of these pictures as we're looking at these that's blood you know that
thing is sucking you know um that serpent is sucking life out of somebody
look at all those teeth bro look at all those little oh it grinds in the skin there pulls out that
living living luscious blood look at this mouth this is what they called her
they said this was her mouth this was her mouth and remember it's flowing with
a purple dark um dark gray purple or
dark gray ooze ooze
and what are you and I walk around doing we walk around being living in fear of
her dog dogs we walk around in fear over dogs yeah yeah they've got the purple
stuff on their mouth and it's foamy right and you got to be careful of them
these people are are nuts you will die in these people's company right they
have this goddess right
Nemesis they have this goddess this
Fury they have the omad dekay do you have the omad DK every society
I'm going to tell you a secret a a secret of the
cosmos every society has the capacity to hold the
omad the look The Eye of
Justice every society has this capacity
where there are more than two human beings gathered together in
society there is a place for the Ohad oh
my she will hold you responsible for every stupid thing you have ever said in
an instant when you see her you come to the Oracle she knows who you are what
how how do she I don't know people talk she knows who you are and she knows what
you're going to do just like she knows what you did do this is a person yes this is not a
mythological creature this is a woman how
exciting with all of those brain centers everything that is beautiful in
nature brought to fruition do you wonder now why Christianity that
developed after the first century had to sanitize itself do you wonder why they
had to say take out the ban the plants from the communion drink stop using
those right what about the orgies what about
the orgies if you're a Christian like 120 130 you're like who can we still do
the orgy thing I mean it's kind of the whole purpose right I
mean isn't that why they all get together it's a fundamental shift in Christianity not to be involved and for
the Orthodox and for the experts for the
fundamentalist yeah guess what all your religions are based upon this very
mystery action yes your cult whether it's Moses or Jesus
or Muhammad all of them all of the things
that come from the book all of the zealots all the monks all the priests all the sobs that took witches and
burned them alive they all come from a mystery that
is satanic and involves sex drugs death
resurrection and rebirth
let's go to the next one let's go to the next one listen theologians out there
listen engage the text it's your only hope it's your only
hope yes and with respect to the flesh around her private
parts the nymph right she appears to be dual
natured now your translator before we don't have to go backward your translator before said she had the parts
of a woman that's not what this says this says she has
both so I want you to reckon just for a minute this is the
surprise at the end of the season you're looking at her she's naked
oh you know what's really you know what's really neat about this goddess and I'm telling you the way she's
presented in Antiquity she has scales but they are
called false scales tattooed scales from her breasts down covering
her genitalia oh wow I am not messing with
this person I am not right I mean I kind of want to have coffee with her
sometimes time you know what I mean um but I know if I do I'm going to be ready
not to you know you know don't do anything stupid right it's that drizzle
coming from her mouth yeah constant constant do you know what they say she
has in her mouth this um uh this
sidna she has what is attributed to be discovered by the daughters of Helios
and Cersei specifically and that is that
aconite that aconite yeah let's go look at what she's
got in her on her person let's go look next Source bring it up
yeah oh here it was double shaped a woman in the middle in her body see how he translated that incorrectly it
literally says of both um nature natur having both Natures
hermatic Love It Go Down to the next one look at Avid bringing Avid here Aid sit
down for a second just tell us something Avid yeah tiphany brought with her poisons too of magic power to invoke
madness stop right there take it down uh uh what did they just say you classicist
out there they said she's using drugs to induce
Madness 10 years ago you didn't want to say this was recreational drugs yeah dang let's go we're making
advancements let's go same TX same taxt I'm sorry chewy I get a little bit self-righteous um look at this lip fro
of Cerberus the aid is Venom wild deliriums this is what it brings on
people are you ready to party wild delirium blindness to the brain I want
some blindness of the brain and crime of uh oh and tears uhoh and maddened lust
for murder all ground up mixed with fresh
blood I'll say that one again for those of you who are looking for the clues
mixed with fresh blood boiled in a pan of bronze and stirred with a green Hemlock stick my
God you couldn't make a better uh potion
to blow your senses to blow your mind you know this this stuff blows your mind
blows you why would you want to blow your mind why would you want to have the
orgasmos you silly silly people getting your mind blown was the
whole purpose do you think the resources that go in to building a simulation like this
do you think those could not be better used than entertainment no the purpose
is to blow your mind into existence to blow your mind into
existence oh God a kidna take me there take me there let's see it next
one oh watch this watch this um uh uh uh and some I want to offer okay I want to
offer tonight you'll notice at the bottom this is the new satanic version
so um I'm I've been asked by a number of people to do some translations and I'm
seriously considering the nsv or the new satanic version of
the Greek New and Old
Testament yeah yes the septu agent you know at the interesting Parts but what
I'm think what I'm thinking about I I want to offer it to you tonight and if you would please since you're here with
me in the workshop and you've done you've been nice enough to give your time and say I'm gonna be here and
support this lunatic um here's how I want you to support I don't want your
money because your money is filthy it's been places I don't want your money but
what I do want is your digestion of and understanding and critique of critique
of something this is the new satanic translation please let's bring it up and
I'll just read it to you the Greeks right above and some unknown naked kid with
his penis and testicles wrapped in a medicated bandage was assigned to serve
Jesus the authorities arrested the juvenile suspect but he fled custody and
in the process left his bandage behind new satanic version of Mark 14
5152 right nice nice um let me know what do people think now what I did with that
people and I would love if a theologian would step in I'd love if I could get
some head of some Greek department at some Seminary to step in I'd love it I'd
love it look at the translation there you cannot get a more elegantly modern
literal translation of the Bible I'm offering
you tonight this passage I'm gonna read again please uh chewy check the comments
after I read this I want to know what people's input is ready give me a rating people thumbs up thumbs down you know
give me one word wordy not enough words give it to me suck it to me punch me
right stick it in my ear something like that I don't care and some unknown naked kid with his penis and testicles wrapped
in a medicated bandage was assigned to serve Jesus the authorities arrested the
juvenile suspect but he fled custody and in the process left his bandage behind
those of you who are looking at the participles look how elegantly I did that last sentence with the with the
participle there right circumstantial participle oh God I love this kind of
stuff I love that okay what are what are they saying should we point me out to a good or bad or ugly anyone anyone put a
picture up there people I see top of my head go for it yeah that's okay here
give me that let me sit down fantastic thanks for putting
up um whoa yeah I can't read that one I don't think I read watch the language
children yes yes um King James no give me the okay give me the nsv love it love
it okay almond should write all that translated satanic version yes yes maybe
I should maybe I should it would be empty two horns up two horns up hey who
said that one two horns who is it the one true Tim did we finally find the one
true Tim I've been waiting for this day um
yeah what was that one am and should amazing when compared to the KJV juvenile suspect is bit wordy
otherwise great juvenile suspect you know I thought that was because the group that came to arrest him in
official environment whatnot yeah thought that was thought that was good look at drawing down the moon says
amazing oh you're bringing these all up have you been bringing those all up the whole time that's fantastic okay what do
you think give it a number of one to 10 show me on your big paws chewy
okay okay chew's indicating this is good all right um what I really wanted you to
see tonight was Nemesis so I'm gonna play that first clip one more time and I
want you to realize who she is who Nemesis is when everything else
fails retribution comes it's really about realizing that
uh walking in humility uh surrendering everything to my heavenly father who ultimately is uh the one who uh directs
uh what I do hopefully each and every day uh and and then lastly I think the
the big part of that is is realizing that the credit for any victories are not mine uh they belong to uh uh to the
God that I serve [Music] yes
[Music]
to avert something that you have said that goes
beyond something that shows your lack of respect for Nemesis
I a politician am led by
God and what I do is what God does and I
Walk This Road in humility do you hear
Nemesis do you hear her get up from her perch she hears that excuse
me excuse me this Fool's life
has become an eternal example of
Nemesis now it's up to us it's up to
us to see or not to see the coming Decay
thead deay The Vision or eye of Justice now
it's up to us to see where we are and the Watchers are watching the Watchers
are watching this is a big one yeah let's see what they do let's see what
they do with the omad it's wonderful testing process you
know Life's a prison right I should have I should have made that explicit from day one um thank you for coming this
entire season I appreciate it I I appreciate your comments and your
feedback and your email I do I'm hoping
that the image of that underlying nature the
image of that mystery has finally come through I'm hoping you've seen its dual
natured capacity I'm hoping you will
contemplate the place in history not just us sitting around here coming up
with esoteric teachings me translating things to you that haven't been translated
Thousand Years not that kind of thing this is not for our entertainment but
for our application we have started to see a
world open up and behind that world tonight we saw the
power the Aida is the living
mystery Jesus Christ was arrested in a public park at
400 a.m. screaming I am not a child trafficker because he was operating the
mystery thank you for coming have a great week we'll see you not this Friday
but next hail Satan for all
[Music] [Applause] eternity my poor old mother won't know
where I am can't bring no flowers to me on
Sunday it's going to break her heart not knowing